feat: docs for subscriptions, subscriptions + auth, subscriptions + amq (#714)
aerogear/mobile-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/_partials/data-sync/server-realtime-updates-amq.adoc

See https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_amq/7.2/html-single/using_amq_online_on_openshift_container_platform/index#create-address-cli-messaging[Creating addresses using the command line] for more information.

== Create a MessagingUser

A messaging client connects using a MessagingUser. A MessagingUser specifies an authorization policy that controls which addresses may be used and the operations that may be performed on those addresses.

Users are configured as MessagingUser resources. Users can be created, deleted, read, updated, and listed.

----
apiVersion: user.enmasse.io/v1beta1
kind: MessagingUser
metadata:
  name: myaddressspace.mymessaginguser # must be in the format <address space name>.<username>
spec:
  username: mymessaginguser
  authentication:
    type: password
    password: cGFzc3dvcmQ= # must be Base64 encoded. Password is 'password'
  authorization:
    - addresses: ["*"]
      operations: ["send", "recv"]
----

Create the messaging user.

----
oc create -f my-messaging-user.yaml
----

> An application can now connect to an AMQ Online address using this ``MessagingUser``'s credentials. For more information see https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_amq/7.2/html-single/using_amq_online_on_openshift_container_platform/index#con-user-model-messaging[AMQ Online User Model].

Reviewer: We do not use any styling above
```suggestion
An application can now connect to an AMQ Online address using this MessagingUser's credentials. For more information see https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_amq/7.2/html-single/using_amq_online_on_openshift_container_platform/index#con-user-model-messaging[AMQ Online User Model].
```
